The sky today is blue as always. A brilliant day to lay back and watch your tree grow!
The sky today is a little murky... Time to pull out the umbrella for a nice shower.
The neighborhood children came over to play. They love tugging on the leaves of the tree.
The clouds today are steadily crawling against the sky. It's very calming and peaceful.
Today is very windy! Hopefully the tree is okay. It's still small and delicate.
Fa la ti do me... The tree dances slightly in response.
Today is very hot... Let's take out the hose and play in the water!
It's just you, the tree, and a bowl of hot noodles between you two today.
One day, when the tree is very tall, you wonder how far you can see on top of it.
Time passes very slowly today. The tree isn't big enough to sleep against it, though.
You spend today hauling an old television to your tree and watching Ghibli movies.
Today you sketch a portrait of your tree. It's very cute!
Today, you dream of growing old with your tree. A goal for the future.
Today, a marigold popped up by your tree. You plucked it, though.
The tree grows taller today as well.
Today you contemplate building a solar mirror array around the tree. You might kill it, though.
A bird made her nest in the growing tree. You sing to it and it sings back.
The spirit of the wind ruffles your hair. The tree loses some in turn.
Construction appears off in the distance. People are building a city. Busy~busy~
You spend today bringing a DS to your tree and playing Mario Kart.
Storm clouds rumble in the distance. You rumble back at them. They flee.
The smell of newly cut grass wafts in from a distance. It's bitter.
You run around the tree again making sounds with your spaceship: the SS Hawking.
Today you perform a black magic ritual around your tree. With Animal Crossing Amiibos.
Today, the tree shines. Is it because you gave it enough love?
Today, you share fresh water and avocados with your tree for lunch.
You write a love letter to your tree and confess while blushing shyly. You were firmly rejected!
Today you got in a spat with your tree. Both of you aren't on speaking terms, but comfort each other anyway.
It's very hot today. But you look up and your tree shades you from the sun. How kind!
The tree is growing up tall and strong! Maybe you can climb up it now?
The Eastern Sea may turn into mulberry fields, but your tree stands proud forever.
Families of squirrels and birds greet you today as well from the tree.
Ah, drinking juice under the shade of your tree is peaceful as always.
You spend today wearing your augmented reality glasses playing chess by your tree.
A rocket soars off into space today. You can see the vapor trails from the top of the tree.
Today, a seed came twirling down from your tree. What to do with it...
Today you contemplate making a forest of trees. Like the one that now spans the Gobi desert.
Time passes very slowly today. Perfect for a nap against your tree.
Today, you sketch a portrait of your tree. You've grown older, but the tree is still cute.
You sing to the tree and its residents sing back. The voices are carried off by the wind...
Today, you have a deep conversation with your tree about the state of affairs.
The clouds today are steadily crawling against the sky. As usual, it's very calming and peaceful.
The neighborhood teenagers watch from a distance today. They're surely jealous of your relationship.
Today is very windy! The tree doesn't budge an inch, though.
Today you spend quality time with your tree. Your relationship must be as sturdy as a tree!
You whisper to the tree, and the tree whispers back. The content of the conversation? It's a secret!
Today, when you sleep by the tree, you dream of the time when the tree was small. You woke up with tears in your eyes.
You confess to your tree again. It asks you to wait until it can consider a response.
Today, the tree shines brightly. It must be because you gave it a lot of love.
